Document the performance testing commands (#22464)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/contributors/testing-overview.md

[snapshot testing]: https://jestjs.io/docs/en/snapshot-testing.html
[update snapshots]: https://jestjs.io/docs/en/snapshot-testing.html#updating-snapshots

## Performance Testing

> To ensure that the editor stays performant as we add feature we monitor the impact PRs and releases can have on some key metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that the editor stays performant as we add features, we monitor the impact pull requests and releases can have on some key metrics:
```

* The time it takes to load the editor.
* The time it takes for the browser to respond when typing.
* The time it takes to select a block.

> Performance tests are in fact end 2 end tests running the editor and capturing these measures. To run the tests, make sure you have an e2e testing environment ready and run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance tests are end-to-end tests running the editor and capturing these measures. To run the tests, make sure you have an e2e testing environment ready and run the following command:
```

I think "in fact" can add some value in general (capturing the surprise), but it's a little hard to read in the flow of the sentence.

```
npm run test-performance
```

This gives you the result for the current branch/code on the running environment.

In addition to that, you can also compare the metrics across branches (or tags or commits) by running the following command `./bin/plugin/cli.js perf [branches]`, example:

```

> ./bin/plugin/cli.js perf master v8.1.0 v8.0.0

Reviewer: Should we have an npm script for this? I know you'd mentioned it in the earlier pull request about `npm run performance`, but should be there something like `npm run release perf master v8.1.0 v8.0.0`, aliasing `npm run release` (or similar name) to `./bin/plugin/cli.js`?

Author: yes, we should, I'll keep it for another PR as it impacts several things (release, perf, changelog...)
